Kapacitor Flux tasks (#2687)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1.6/working/cli_client.md

kapacitor [options] [command] [args]
```

> This document provides an overview of all the commands provided by the `kapacitor` CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides an overview of the commands provided by the `kapacitor` CLI:
```

This command returns no status or additional messages.
It fails or succeeds silently.
To verify the results, use the `list templates` command.

## Flux tasks
The `flux tasks` command and its sub-commands manage Kapacitor Flux tasks.

- [`flux task create`](#flux-task-create)
- [`flux task list`](#flux-task-list)
- [`flux task update`](#flux-task-update)
- [`flux task retry-failed`](#flux-task-retry-failed)
- [`flux task log list`](#flux-task-log-list)
- [`flux task run list`](#flux-task-run-list)
- [`flux task run retry`](#flux-task-run-retry)

---

### flux task create
The `kapacitor flux task create` command creates a new Kapacitor Flux task.

```sh

> kapacitor flux task create [flags] [flux script or '-' for stdin]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kapacitor flux task create [flags] [flux script or '-' to read from stdin]
```
